[Japanese music playing]
[narrator] Shuchiin Academy
Junior High
is fiveish minutes away
from the high school division.
Because of the proximity,
quite a few younger students
meander over to hang out
with their seniors.
Exhibit A,
this fair‐haired youngster.
‐ [knock at the door]
‐ Hmm?
Hi.
Forgive the intrusion.
So cute. So unbelievably cute.
[gasps] What am I saying?
I shouldn’t call someone cute
before we’ve even
introduced ourselves.
But for some reason, I can’t
take my eyes off her. Why?
It’s nice to meet you.
I’m the Shuchiin Junior High
Student Council Treasurer,
Kei Shirogane.
Kei Shirogane...
Shirogane...
Of course!
This girl is
the president’s little sister!
She even has
the same cold death glare!
Must run in the family.
Come on in.
Make yourself at home.
Sure. Thank you.
If you’re wondering
where the president is,
he’s currently
in a budget proposal meeting
with the school clubs.
It’ll probably be a while
before he’s back.
You know what that
reminds me of? This old rumor.
They say that a past
student council president
was rude to some
of the school’s board members
at a meeting like that,
and they forced him
to leave the country.
Yes, well, that particular rumor
has been embellished a bit.
Wait. So does that mean
it was made up, then?
Not entirely.
From what I understand,
the student’s father
was just relocated
to a country with
a somewhat more rural economy.
So he was forced to move, then.
I wonder if he’s used
to the thin air up there yet.
[Kei] Will he be okay?
[gasps] Is she worried
about her brother?
[chuckles]
It’ll be fine.
I swear by the Shinomiya name,
if anything unfortunate happens,
I’ll protect the president.
Thank you, Shinomiya.
Not a problem.
I’m glad to do it.
[narrator] If you want
to take down a warrior,
shoot his horse first.
Subduing those
closest to your target
is a great way
to ensure surrender.
Building relationships
with Shirogane’s family members
will strengthen
the bond Kaguya has with him.
[laughs]
It’s like we’re sisters.
[gasps] Yes!
Why didn’t I
think of it sooner?
I’ll make his sister
call me "Sister." [chuckles]
Now then, what brings you
to our humble office today?
Actually I was
about to ask my brother
to double‐check these materials
before we distribute them
at the school assembly.
If you don’t mind,
I could help you instead.
Sound good? I’ve been told
that I’m smarter than I look.
[narrator] Kaguya opens
with a humblebrag.
The big sister Kei’s never had
wouldn’t openly sing
her own praises,
so Kaguya mixes in
a little self‐deprecation.
[Ishigami]
The calculations are correct,
but the use of commas
isn’t consistent.
You might want to consider
a more reader‐friendly
layout too.
[Shinomiya]
Where’d he come from?
I see. I probably need
to fill these gaps in.
Would you recommend
I stretch this out?
Could work.
Then, if I were you,
I’d put some bullet points
here and here.
‐ Oh. Good call.
‐ And group these...
[Shinomiya] This is fine.
I’d hate to get off
on the wrong foot
by criticizing her work
and intimidating her.
I need to be approachable.
We should be equals.
Yes, perfect.
The sooner I become her friend,
the sooner I’ll become her...
Big Sister!
If you came over for dinner,
I’d be the happiest girl
in the world.
Really? All right.
If I didn’t know any better
I’d think the two of you
were real sisters.
That’s because
we are real sisters.
[Shinomiya giggles]
I think if I’d
never had Kei,
you would be the daughter
I never had, Kaguya.
[gasps]
You should just
come live with us.
[laughter]
Maybe.
[narrator]
She’s a little starved
for familial affection.
[Shinomiya]
And here comes the best part!
By the way, Shirogane...
[all] Huh?
We all go by that name here.
You’re gonna have to be
a little more specific, hon.
[gasps]
I’ll use...
Miyuki, then.
Kaguya.
I...
It would be amazing
if it actually got that far!
So that’s the new game plan,
start from friendship
and work my way up.
...representations are always‐‐
[stammers]
‐ [groans]
‐ Would you like a drink?
I could get you something.
‐ Uh, sure.
‐ [door opens]
Saluta‐‐
Oh, Kei’s here!
I greet you
in the way of the sword!
[laughs] Way of the sword
back at you!
[whimpers]
[laughs]
What are you doing here?
Just kicking back
and hanging out?
Nah, I came for
student council stuff today.
Oh. So, uh, you two
seem awfully close.
‐ Hmm?
‐ Have you girls met before?
We have. Small world, huh?
I got to know her since she and
my sister are in the same year.
Yep, it’s thanks to me.
Every once in a while,
Kei sleeps over.
And even though
we’re three years apart,
she and I are such good friends,
you would never know.
[both laugh]
I love that game
we played the other day.
‐ [laughs]
‐ Me too.
[Fujiwara] Remember
that dance you made up?
Want to do it here?
I see you’ve busied yourself
forging alliances
behind my back,
but that’s fine.
Yes, everything’s fine.
‐ Check this...
‐ Fujiwara’s nothing
but a friend who hosts
occasional sleepovers anyway.
My older‐sister role
will be far more significant.
Hey, Big Sis...
[gasps]
Moeha and I are
gonna go clothes shopping
in Harajuku soon.
Why don’t you come along
with us, Big Sis?
‐ Sure! I’d love to!
‐ "Big Sis"?
[Fujiwara] It’s pretty hard
to top window‐shopping
in Harajuku.
[Shinomiya] Fujiwara
takes everything I want,
and she does it
with that sickeningly
deceptive smile on her face.
Such greed.
It’s people like her
who are destroying the planet.
She’s a repulsive, cancerous
growth upon our world.
Yay!
Would you like to come
with us too, Kaguya?
Would I!
Fujiwara is the best.
Her thoughtfulness is what
I love about her most of all.
We’ll be friends forever.
I just know it.
[giggles]
So how was your meeting?
Well, I survived, I guess.
Come to think of it,
you were at our student
council office. That right?
And? What’s it to you?
Nothing, really.
I’m your brother.
I’m supposed
to keep an eye on you.
Yeah, right. Creep.
Chika was her usual bubbly self,
and your treasurer seems
to be severely depressed,
but he was helpful, at least.
And I met your vice‐president.
I could barely talk to her,
though.
I was so nervous, I had
to remind myself to breathe.
What? Speak up.
I said you suck!
Uh...
[narrator] Results
for today’s battle,
Kei Shirogane loses?
[sisters squeal]
Finals will be here
before we know it.
Have all of you been diligent
with your studies?
[blowing]
That’s neither whistling
nor discreet.
There isn’t any need
to study for exams.
What’s that?
Students should keep up
with their studies all year
so they won’t have to cram.
Scramble to catch up
at the last minute,
and you’ll just
make yourself sick.
[narrator] He’s lying.
If there’s one piece of advice
I have for you three,
it’s to avoid cramming.
[narrator] He says that,
but in reality,
he requested time off from work
so he could pull 10 days
of all‐nighters.
Which brings us to final exams.
At Shuchiin,
students are tested
five times a year
in every subject.
Shirogane has scored
the highest in his grade
three times in a row,
solidifying his position
as the top student.
‐ [growls]
‐ He’s an outsider,
so his grades are basically
what make his peers accept him,
and he’ll do whatever it takes
to maintain his status
as number one,
even if that means
manipulating others.
Yes, good point.
Exams are meant to assess
how much your classes
have taught you,
so cramming to try
and inflate your score
seems counterintuitive to me.
[narrator] She’s lying.
Best to be tested
precisely as you are.
This is unusual for her,
but she’s taking the finals
very seriously.
Kaguya doesn’t always consider
defeat to be humiliating.
She knows
that setbacks are necessary
in order to unlock
the secrets of success.
But when it comes to academics,
that’s a different story
entirely.
Despite her genius
and her best efforts,
she has yet to top Shirogane
even once.
Being a creature of pride,
that kind of defeat
is an unforgivable
disgrace to her.
Ishigami...
you really should
apply yourself this time,
or else you’ll be in trouble.
If you do fail again...
I’ll be just dandy.
I’m studying harder
than I ever have, honestly.
In fact, I’m gonna go
hit the books right now.
[narrator] He’s lying.
The only thing he’ll
be applying himself to
is his new video game.
Gutsy move, buying a game
right before exams.
He lives his life
to the fullest,
as if he already knows
when he’ll die.
He fails so often, it doesn’t
even faze him anymore.
Such is the way of Yu Ishigami.
Japanese is tough
and only gets tougher,
and I get rough grades
in foreign languages too,
’cause I always use slang
in my tests on accident.
Everything about you
is unique, Fujiwara,
right down to the way
you learn languages.
Normal methods of study
might not suit you.
You can study
morning, noon, and night,
but that won’t necessarily
improve your scores.
Sometimes
the best course of action
is to abstain
from studying at all.
[narrator] She’s lying.
Agreed.
Personally, I use
the three days before a test
to meditate, rather than
waste time studying,
and I swear it works.
[narrator] He’s lying.
‐ [bird chirping]
‐ Hmm.
That makes sense.
Guess it’s settled then!
I’m not gonna study one bit!
[narrator] She’s...
[sighs] telling the truth.
As a victim of Shirogane
and Kaguya’s academic warfare,
Fujiwara’s class rank
has steadily dropped.
[screams]
Although her grades
are average,
she does possess
the desire to learn.
She may be an airhead, but
she’s a model student airhead.
And why would a model student
question two other
model students,
especially those
at the top of her class?
Poor thing.
She doesn’t even realize
that they’re playing dirty.
The exams are
a battle that begins
long before the students
lift their pens.
It’s not just about brains.
It’s about using
personal connections,
subtle deceptions, and
any assets at your disposal,
a battle
in which these students
use every bit of ingenuity
they possess.
That is what
the final exams truly are.
‐ [weapons firing]
‐ [explosions]
[whimpers] I’m so nervous.
If my grades drop yet again,
then my allowance is gonna
drop right along with them.
Take deep breaths.
Panicking is only
gonna make things worse.
Wow, so you’re not even
a little bit nervous?
Of course not.
I’ve absolute faith
in my abilities.
Just need to regurgitate
the knowledge I’ve gained.
[narrator] The lies keep coming.
He’s so nervous, the only thing
he’s gonna regurgitate
is his breakfast.
He can’t even
hold his pencil steady
because of
his shaky, shaky hands.
[Shirogane] I won’t lose.
I refuse to lose...
[narrator] He’s privy
to a feeling few know,
the pressure
of defending a title.
It’s infinitely greater
than that felt
by a mere challenger.
Perfection is hard to achieve
and even harder to repeat.
He knows what it’s like
to compete with
a certified genius.
He also knows what sacrifices
must be made to beat her.
Study is Shirogane’s weapon,
and he’s lethal with it.
He must get better grades than
the girl who can do anything,
or else she’ll be
forever out of his league.
Imagine how sore his neck would
be from looking up at her!
[grunts]
Shirogane has no choice
but to win.
Begin!
I have to beat Shinomiya.
[narrator] It’s his way
of being her equal.
I can’t lose, not to her.
[students murmuring]
[Shirogane]
First and second again.
Not bad.
You know, I’m probably just
getting lucky at this point.
You’ll beat me next time.
No. I’m well aware of how hard
you worked to get that spot.
We both know it wasn’t luck.
It’s obvious that I
still have a ways to go.
What’s done is done.
I accept these results.
[narrator] She’s still lying.
Kaguya’s so frustrated, she’s
one dramatic transition away
from crying tears of blood.
If she weren’t in public,
she’d be throwing the
temper tantrum of the century,
stomping and rolling around
like a toddler.
Instead, she bites her lip
and keeps her screams
locked inside.
I imagine you must be
thrilled with your score.
This is, what,
the fourth time in a row?
It is. However,
I was under
a lot of pressure to excel.
So to be completely honest,
all I feel is relief.
Guess I don’t have it in me
to be thrilled anymore.
Is that what it’s like
at the top?
[door closes]
[narrator] No. He lied.
Oh, yeah! In your face!
[narrator] He’s so pleased
that he’s begun shamelessly
shadowboxing in the privacy
of the bathroom.
Thus the exam’s lies and
deception have come to an end.
You’ll get him next time, okay?
Results for today’s battle,
‐ Shirogane wins.
‐ [whoops]
No lie.
[narrator] But the story
doesn’t end there.
Let’s rewind a bit.
[man] Do you understand
your situation, Ishigami?
Fail any more tests,
and there’s a grave possibility
you’ll be held back.
’Kay.
Getting into this high school
is nothing to sneeze at.
Don’t let the opportunity
go to waste.
[sighs] Anyway...
just make sure you don’t fail
the upcoming finals,
and you’ll be fine. Got it?
Yeah.
‐ [buzzer]
‐ [narrator] Failure!
At Shuchiin Academy, a grade
of less than half the average
is considered failing,
and remedial courses
are nonexistent.
If you fail
two tests in a subject,
you fail that subject,
and if it’s a required course,
you’re forced
to repeat the year.
Ishigami’s had
three warnings already.
If he fails one more test,
he will be held back.
[Shinomiya] He’s neck‐deep
in hot water,
yet he’s acting like
he’s taking a relaxing dip
in a hot spring.
Does he just not care?
This is unbecoming
of a student council member.
If he gets held back, he won’t
be the only one inconvenienced.
Of that much, I’m sure.
Maybe we could‐‐[gasps]
Ishigami, would you mind
coming with me for a moment?
Uh, but what for?
If it’s to talk,
why not do it here?
Because we don’t need
an audience for this discussion.
I’d prefer to speak
to you privately.
[shudders] No way.
I’m going home, President!
Why are you having
a panic attack?
Just calm down and come with me!
You’re gonna do
something terrible to me!
I can feel it!
[whimpering]
[thwacking]
[muffled gasping]
You brought this on yourself,
you know.
I wouldn’t have to use
such drastic measures
if you’d just done as I said.
I’m too young to die! [whimpers]
‐ [tense string music playing]
‐ [shrieks]
Wh‐What exactly do you
plan to do with me?
I imagine you already
have some idea.
You understand
your situation, right?
I’m gonna...
help.
[Ishigami] She says, "help,"
but she definitely means
torture and kill me.
She’ll probably do all kinds
of unspeakable things
until I’m broken
in every sense of the word!
‐ For starters...
‐ Not my video games!
Anything but that!
I’m confiscating your phone
and blip‐blooping device.
[sobbing]
I have no clue what I did
to get on her bad side,
but does she really need
to destroy my spirit
piece by piece because of it?
So long as she doesn’t
make me eat small fish
or force me to study,
I might still retain
some semblance of my sanity!
I want you to eat
every last dried sardine
and then do all
of these practice problems.
‐ [gags]
‐ In your mouth.
They’re chock‐full
of the omega‐3 fatty acid DHA.
‐ Good, right?
‐ Acid?
Is she gonna melt me
from the inside out?
[chomping]
[Ishigami groaning]
‐ [Shinomiya groans]
‐ This is hell.
These answers are
nothing short of awful.
But I do catch
glimpses of intelligence
on the important points,
at least.
Seems there may be hope
for you after all.
[gasps]
We’re going to study
at the same time tomorrow.
[shudders]
In the honorable and
respected name of Shinomiya,
I swear that you’ll pass
‐ one way or another.
‐ [shrieks]
What sort of cruel and unusual
punishment is this madness?!
[narrator] And so Kaguya’s
intensive training continued.
Though Ishigami
made several attempts
to escape her clutches,
his terrifying tutor
reeled him back in every time.
Eventually he lost
the will to fight back
and accepted his fate.
This reference book should make
it easier for you to comprehend.
Just take your time
until things click, ’kay?
Vice‐President, what are you
playing at by doing all of this?
I’m not playing any game.
I have it on good authority
that if you fail another test,
you’ll have to repeat the year,
so I’m trying
to prevent that from happening.
[gasps] Is that all?
It is, indeed.
Wow. To think you have
a compassionate bone
in your body is mind‐boggling.
Frankly speaking, I don’t
usually do this kind of thing.
I’d rather use my free time
to focus on my own studies.
So then why?
Over there. That boy’s Ishigami.
What? No way.
Are Kaguya and him,
like, together?
‐ Together how?
‐ Give you three guesses.
‐ Eww.
[Ishigami] Let’s call it a day.
In truth,
they could hold me back
three years in a row.
I could care less.
And besides,
I’m sure you’ve heard
about how I messed up
in middle school.
It’s why everyone treats me
like a ticking time‐bomb
that might explode any minute.
They know me
as the problem child
who used to refuse
to go to school.
Once people see us
studying together,
it won’t be long before rumors
start circulating
and your name
gets raked through the mud.
How can either of us
expect to study
when there’s so much
senseless noise in here?
‐ Excuse me.
‐ [both gasp]
People are typically quiet
in a library.
But if you have something
to say to me, go ahead.
You have my attention now.
Uh...
it’s just...
we’re concerned.
You shouldn’t
get mixed up with Ishigami.
Got that right. He’s bad news,
worse news, even.
Oh, I see.
You were worried.
Thank you.
But I don’t judge people based
on what others say about them.
I prefer to make
my own assessments,
and I’ve deemed Ishigami
to be the kind of person
I want to spend my time with.
Surely you girls
aren’t doubting my judgment.
Uh...
I appreciate you
standing up for me,
but I can’t help thinking
people will get the wrong idea.
[Shinomiya] Like it matters.
Right now,
the most important thing
is making sure you don’t fail.
People can gossip about us
all they want.
I’m still going to tutor you.
Really?
I told you,
on the Shinomiya name,
I swore that I
would do all I could
to help you pass the finals.
Like it or not,
you’re stuck with me.
Plus the president
would be much more stressed
without you around.
[sighs]
So if you understand,
start writing.
Okay.
Could have stepped in,
but I think she’s
got things under control.
[narrator] Days later...
We finally got through finals!
[laughs]
So, um, Shinomiya,
I managed not to fail,
all thanks to you.
And, um, well, I never knew
how compassionate
you could be ’til lately.
Ishigami...
‐ [gasping]
‐ these numbers...
had better not be accurate.
I spent so much time
helping you study,
and yet you barely make it
by the skin of your teeth?
I‐I really tried
my best, though.
[squelch]
Explain to me why your best
makes me feel so dirty,
so betrayed.
Oh, no. She’s reverted back!
[laughs]
That’s Shinomiya for you,
in true form.
She refuses to lie to herself.
So if she gives her word,
then come what may,
she’ll keep it.
She has a nobility about her.
When we first met, I thought
she was coldhearted too.
But then I came
to realize the truth, and I...
And you what, President?
Um, just forget it.
Kind of an old story.
[narrator] Results
for today’s battle,
Shirogane loses.
[Japanese music playing]